docs(config): clarify config esm syntax (#9157)
vitejs/vite: docs/config/index.md

}
```

> Note Vite supports using ES modules syntax in the config file even if the project is not using native Node ESM, eg with `type: "module"`in `package.json`. In this case, the config file is auto pre-processed before load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note Vite supports using ES modules syntax in the config file even if the project is not using native Node ESM, e.g. `type: "module"` in `package.json`. In this case, the config file is auto pre-processed before load.
```
